-automated testing is useful for testing links/menus across dozens of pages

On the back end, you will learn RSpec, a language that is written in Ruby and one which will help you execute a broad and flexible script of tests to make sure your application is still working the way that it should. RSpec's syntax even reads sort of like English, though it still takes some getting used to. RSpec lets you test specific areas of your application like pulling from and saving to the database or that your helper methods work as expected. With the help of a few useful gems, you can also test the broad-scale interactions the user will have when traveling from one web page to another.

Although we're covering this topic in the "Back End" section, testing isn't just for the server-side. On the front end, we'll later learn a language called Jasmine to do a similar sort of thing for Javascript. That should make sense to you -- the reasons to properly test your code apply whether it's run on a server or in the browser.

Approaches to Testing
Everyone does testing a little differently. Some teams still rely heavily on a Quality Assurance (QA) department with people manually executing checklists like we described in the example above. 

Some people use an approach called Test Driven Development (TDD) in which they write the (failing) test first and only then do they actually write the code necessary to make it pass, and thus very deliberately build the application out with 100% test coverage. 

Others prefer to keep their test suites fairly light and will only write tests for the major interactions on their pages and any bugs that they have to fix along the way (to make sure they don't come back).

Points to Ponder

Look through these now and then use them to test yourself after doing the assignment

What exactly does "testing" mean for web applications?
Why is testing important?
What is legacy code?
Why is writing tests particularly powerful for handling legacy code?
What is RSpec?
How do you run a RSpec test suite?
How do you write a basic RSpec test?


